Issue #50: Add documentation for ImportExportStandardObjects. (#55)
RotherOSS/doc-otobo-admin: content/administration-area/ticket-settings/queues.rst

   If several queues are added to the system, use the filter box to find a particular queue by just typing the name to filter.

> To export one or more queues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Import / Export
---------------

To export one or more queues:
```

1. Click on the *Queues Export* button on the left.

> 2. Select the queues which you want to export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the queues you want to export.
```

3. Click on the *Export* button.

.. figure:: images/queue-export.png
   :alt: Queue Export Screen

   Queue Export Screen

.. note::

>    For each queue, the necessary signature, system address and salutation is exported (and imported, if present) as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For each queue, the required signature, system address, and salutation are also exported and, if present, imported as well.
```

To import a set of queues:

> 1. Select a corresponding file in the file picker in the *Import / Export* widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select a file using the file picker in the *Import / Export* widget.
```

2. Optionally tick the *Override existing entities* checkbox.
3. Click on the *Queues Import* button.

.. warning::

>    When importing nested queues, all parent queues need to be imported as well or to already exist on the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When importing nested queues, all parent queues must also be imported or already exist in the system.
```
